---
title: "스피킹이 되는 영작문"
notebook: "InterStellar"
section_group: "2_6 hexagonal pillars_Rocks_Helm"
section: "1. Character"
onenote_id: "0-e8b0f616213de2a99b146edaf47cf8c1!1-733661839CC53BA5!7914"
---

스피킹이 되는 영작문
		
		
	
	
		
			
Chapter 1. Verbs
			
Unit 1 be verbs
			

			
She is a teacher.
			
He is my boss.
			
She is tired.
			
He is very tall.
			
I am in the office.
			
My boss in the meeting room.
			
She is busy.
			
I am sleepy.
			

			
Warming up -------------
			
1/ She is a housewife.
			
2/ We are co-workers.
			
3/ He was a soldier.
			
4/ He is in Starbucks.
			
5/ People were in the airport.
			
6/ My manager was thin.
			
7/ He is smart.
			
8/ Jane in a new secretary.
			

			
Sentence order training --------
			
1/ My sister is in her room.
			
2/ He is energetic.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ My mother is a nurse.
			
2/ It is Friday.
			
3/ My brother is an office worker.
			
4/ He is so busy.
			
5/ She is in downtown.
			
6/ My book is there.
			

			
Downstairs, upstairs, home, downtown, there
			
You should go upstairs.
			
My father is there.
			
I go home.
			

			
Where is your mother?
			
My mother is in the kitchen.
			

			
What is your boyfriend&#39;s job?
			
My boyfriend is an accountant.
			

			
It is Monday.
			
I am tired every Monday.
			

			
Good morning. Are you at the school?
			
I am in the library.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 일반 Verbs =======================
			

			
He works on a project.
			
My sister helps me.
			

			
Warming up -------------
			
1/ I like coffee.
			
2/ She likes coffee.
			
3/ We like coffee.
			
4/ He needs smartphone.
			
5/ We drink milk in the morning.
			
6/ They check their messages.
			
7/ My mother cleans my room every day.
			
8/ My father wakes me up.
			

			
Sentence order training----
			
1/ She gets up early in the morning.
			
2/ He works out every day.
			

			
Sentence writing ---------
			
1/ My brother drinks milk.
			
2/ Jane stays at the hotel.
			
3/ They get up late.
			
4/ She works in the marketing department.
			
5/ Many people go to work every morning.
			
6/ Everybody gets off work.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
How does your boyfriend go to work?
			
My boyfriend goes to work by bus.
			

			
When does your boss get off work?
			
My boss works overtime every day.
			

			
Writing training---------
			
It is Monday.
			
I am tired every Monday.
			
So I get up lately and run in the morning.
			

			
Good morning. Are you at school? I am going there.
			
I am in the library.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 조Verbs
			

			
I can use a computer.
			
You can go home now.
			

			
I will go there tomorrow.
			
Will you marry me?
			

			
He should study English after work.
			

			
You must leave now.
			

			
She may know the secret.
			
She may stay longer here.
			

			
I can ride a bike = I am able to ride a bike.
			
I will be able to study English.
			

			
Warming up-----------
			
1/ He can speak Japanese.
			
2/ She will call you tomorrow.
			
3/ You should must help your friends.
			
4/ We can meet at your convenience.
			
5/ They will save money.
			
6/ Jack should eat have breakfast.
			
7/ They may win.
			
8/ He could get there in time yesterday.
			

			
Sentence training--------
			
1/ She can save money.
			
2/ He should change jobs.
			

			
Sentence writing---------
			
1/ I can buy a computer.
			
2/ She will have a meeting in the afternoon.
			
3/ I can understand the story yesterday.
			
4/ You must have dinner at 7 o&#39;clock.
			
5/ Would you watch my bag?
			
6/ I must/had to meet him yesterday.
			

			
He said he would help his mother.
			
I would read books when I was free.
			
Would you help me?
			
He would not take my money.
			

			
Conversation speaking-----------
			
1/ Is your cellphone broken?
			
Yes, I have to should buy a new phone.
			

			
2/ Why do you look so/very tired today?.
			
I&#39;m so tired because I had to attend a drinking party.
			

			
Writing training------------
			
1/ It&#39;s Monday. I&#39;m tired on every Monday. So I get up late and run in the morning.
			
I have a meeting. So I have to get up early. I&#39;m worried.
			

			
Good morning. :) Are you at school? I&#39;m going there.
			
I&#39;m in the library. We have to should take a test today. Come quickly.
			
OMG.
			

			

			
Special Unit 1. 부정문===============
			
She is my classmate.
			
She is not my classmate.
			
He will call me. = He won&#39;t call me.
			

			
We get up at 7 a.m. &gt; We don&#39;t get up at 7 a.m.
			
James like math. &gt; James doesn&#39;t like math.
			
She used the internet last year. &gt; She didn&#39;t use the internet last year.
			

			
Sentence writing------------------
			
1/ She bought a computer yesterday. &gt; She didn&#39;t buy a computer yesterday.
			
2/ The game is over. &gt; The game isn&#39;t over.
			
3/ He needs English books. &gt; He dosen&#39;t need English books.
			
4/ We should go to the party. &gt; We shouldn&#39;t go to the party.
			

			
Applied training---------------
			
1/ She moved away a week ago. &gt; She doesn&#39;t didn&#39;t move away a week ago.
			
2/ She saved money last year. &gt; She doesn&#39;t didn&#39;t save money last year.
			

			

			
Special Unit 2. 의문문========== Interrovative 
			
He is handsome. &gt; Is he handsome?
			
You can take care of the dog. &gt; Can you take care of the dog?
			

			
She studies Japanese. &gt; Does she study Japanese?
			
They help her. &gt; Do they help her?
			

			
He went shopping with his mother. &gt; Did he go shopping with his mother?
			

			
Interrogative sentence writing----------------------
			
1/ He sent text messages. &gt; Dose he send text messages?
			
2/ This is your umbrella. &gt; Is this your umbrella?
			
3/ She broke her promise. &gt; Did she breake her promise?
			
4/ Jane can play the piano. &gt; Dose Can Jane can play the piano?
			

			
Applied training-------------
			
1/ His favorit food is a pizza. &gt; Is his favorit food a pizza.
			
2/ She pass the test last week. &gt; Did she pass the test last week?
			

			

			

			
Chapter 2. 문장의 형식========
			
Unit 1. 1형식 
			
She came to our office yesterday.
			
We walked in the park.
			
There is a fax for you.
			
There are many pictures on Google.
			
There was something wrong with the file.
			
Here is your cellphone.
			
Here are the letters.
			

			
Something, anything, everything &gt; 단수
			

			
Warming up---------
			
1/ There was a gift in the box.
			
2/ There are a lot of books in my room.
			
3/ Here is your laundary, sir.
			
4/ Jack gone went to the Philippines last week.
			
5/ The live in the countryside. 
			
6/ There was wasn&#39;t something nothing wrong with the file yesterday.
			
7/ Here are your menu.
			
8/ Nice to meet you. Here is my bussiness card.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ There are many cars on the street.
			
2/ She goes to the office at 3 p.m. everyday.
			

			
Sentence Writing------------
			
1/ There are many employees in my company.
			
2/ It doesn&#39;t matter.
			
3/ This medicine is works.
			
4/ There is a problem (something wrong) with my i-phone.
			
5/ There are some experienced employees in my company.
			
6/ There are much(a lot of) information on the internet.
			

			
I like some coffe.
			
I have many comic books.
			
They don&#39;t have much time.
			
Wavve has don&#39;t much time
			
There are some problems on my daily life.
			

			
Conversation speaking-----------
			
1/ How many students are there in the classroom.
			
				
- There are many students in the classroom.
			
			
2/ Are you tired?
			
				
- Yes, the meeting was lasted for 3 hours yesterday.
			
			

			
Wring training----------
			
Dear Mr. Kim,
			
How are you./Hello.
			
There were some problems(something wrorng) with the sales report.
			

			
There are 5 mebers in my family.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 2형식============
			
He is kind.
			
I am an English teacher.
			
He became a doctor.
			
Dreams come ture.
			
Many conpanies went bankrup in 2001
			
His face turned red.
			

			
You look young.
			
It smells good.
			
It sounds great.
			
I feel happy.
			

			
Warming up----------
			
1/ He looks smart.
			
2/ The pizza smells delicious.
			
3/ His voice sounded strange on the phone.
			
4/ The room smells damp.
			
5/ This medicine tastes bitter.
			
6/ Your bother looked good in that suit yesterday.
			
7/ After a sound sleep, l felt refreshed.
			
8/ Her explonation sounds resonable to me.
			

			
Sentence order traning-----------
			
1/ His voice sounds sad.
			
2/ My face turns red easily.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ The work come easy soon.
			
2/ It smells sweet.
			
3/ She gets exhausted every evening.
			
4/ He looks young for his age. 
			
5/ She looks a teacher.
			
6/ Jane feels like a princess.
			

			
You look like a genius.
			
It smels like musk.
			
That doesn&#39;t sound like English.
			
It tastes like chicken.
			
It feels like velvet.
			

			
Conversaton speaking-----------
			
Do you like chocolate? Try it.
			
It looks delicious. It smells like candy.
			

			
Did you have sandwich yesterday?
			
No, I didn&#39;t. The snadwich went bad.
			

			
Dear, Mr. Kim.
			
Hello. There were some problems with the sales report.
			
You looked busy yesterday, so I couldn&#39;t talk to you.
			

			
There are five members in my familiy.
			
I am a student.
			
My father looks tired because he works overtime everyday.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 3형식
			
She caught the ball.
			
I want to see you again.
			
I remember studying with you.
			

			
He has not mentioned his parents.
			
I joined the basketball club last year.
			
Peter divorced his wife.
			
They followed thier instructor.
			

			
Warming up------------
			
1/ I&#39;m not don&#39;t resemble my mother.
			
2/ He addresses the audience every weekend.
			
3/ She attends all of the wedding.
			
4/ He needs to consider what to do next.
			
5/ Do you always mention it?
			
6/ Would you marry me?
			
7/ He joined this club last year.
			
8/ As you approach this town, you will see this store on the left.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ He entered a large company lasr year.
			
2/ We reached the airport yesterday.
			

			
Sentence writing----------
			
1/ Did you greet my boss?
			
2/ I will answer the issue tomorrow.
			
3/ The train is approching the station.
			
4/ My mother mention my score.
			
5/ I dated(go on a date with/go out with) my bofriend last week. 
			
6/ He married(get/be married to) Esther 3 years ago.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
Was there someting wrong with the porking lot?
			
Yes. So we dicussed the parking lot issue.
			

			
You look happy today.
			
I enjoy skiing, and I joined the ski club yesterday.
			

			
Dear, Mr. Kim.
			
Hello. There were some problems with the sales report. You looked busy, so I couldn&#39;t talk to you.
			
We had a meeting this morning, and we discussed the issue. I attached the minutes.
			

			
There are five members in my family. I am a student and I want to get a job next year. My father looks tired because he works overtime everyday. My mother is kind, and she greets people first.
			

			

			
Unit 4. 4형식==============
			
My mother gives me pocket money every week.
			
His uncle theaches them English.
			
She will tell her mother the secret.
			

			
I gave you money. = I gave money to you
			
I sent Peter my resume = I sent my resume to Peter.
			
I can&#39;t buy my mother a ring (=I can&#39;t buy a ring for my mother)
			

			
Warming up---------
			
1/ They gave me a CD.
			
2/ I lend my book to Mina.
			
3/ He bought his girlfriend a expensive ring 
			
4/ I asked him some questions.
			
5/ I worte a card to my boyfriend.
			
6/ My father read me a book when I was young.
			
7/ My mother makes me coffee every morning.
			
8/ He is singing for me.
			

			
Sentence order training-------------
			
1/ I teach English to my brother.
			
I teach my bother English.
			
2/ He forwarded the file to my boss.
			
He forwarded my boss the file.
			

			
Sentence writing--------------
			
1/ Do you write your teacher a? thank-you card at the end of the year?
			
Do you writea a thank-you card for to your teacher at the end of the year? 
			
2/ Did you show your boyfriend my picture?
			
Did you show my picture to your boyfriend?
			
3/ I make my mother a breakfast everyday.
			
I make breakfast for my mother everyday.
			
4/ He tells his girlfriend a funny story.
			
He tells a funny story to his girlfriend.
			
5/ My teacher expalined the problem to me.
			
6/ I introduced my boyfriend to my mother.
			

			
Mention, explain, announce, introduce, descirbe : + to + 명사
			
My boss mentioned the programe to me.
			
She announced her summer vacation to her members.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
1/ Do you wirte a letter to your boyfriend every day?
			
No, I write him a letter onece in a week.
			
2/ The watch is look expensive.
			
My bofriend bought me the watch.
			

			
Writing training---------
			
Dear, Mr. Kim.
			
Hello. There were some problems with the sales report.
			
You looked busy yesterday, so I couldn&#39;t talk to you.
			
We had a meeting this morning, and we discussed the issue.
			
I attached the minutes. I forwarded it to the sales department.
			

			
There are five memvers in my family.
			
I am a student and I want to get a job naxt year.
			
My father looks tired becase he works overtime every day.
			
My father is busy but he often sends text messages to me.
			
My mother is kind, and she greets people first. 
			

			

			
Unit 5. 5형식===============
			
I found English easy.
			
My father makes my familiy happy.
			
My father named me Jane.
			
People call him Alex.
			
I want to my mother to go on a trip.
			
My father doesn&#39;t allow me to study abroad.
			

			
Warming up---------------
			
1/ People consider my sister flexible.
			
2/ I found the moive interesting.
			
3/ My mother doesn&#39;t allow me go out at night.
			
4/ They choose him the 17th president.
			
5/ My parents encourage me do my best.
			
6/ I will make my future customers cheerful.
			
7/ We call the flower a rose.
			
8/ My boss told me to work overtime
			

			
Sentence order training-------------
			
1/ He wants me to study English.
			
2/ He makes me angry.
			

			
Sentence writing----------
			
1/ My team manager makes my team members energetic.
			
2/ My boss wants me to work overtime.
			
3/ My teacher tells me to speak English confidently.
			
4/ My garand mother made me a good doctor.
			
5/ My mother makes me to do the dishes after dinner.
			
6/ We let them to join the club.
			

			
Make, let, have
			
My daughter make me feel happy.
			
Jane had theme sign the contract.
			
Please let them know the truth.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ Did your sister get married?
			
No. My parents alwasy want her to get married.
			
2/ Do you respect your boss?
			
Yes, his diligence made him a rich man. 
			

			
Dear, Mr. Kim.
			
Hello. There were some problems with the sales report. You looked busy yesterday, so I coundn&#39;t talk to you.
			
We had a meeing this morning, and we discussed the issue.
			
I attached the minutes. I forwarded it to the sales department.
			
My boss wants us to solve this issue.
			

			
There are five members in my family. I&#39;m a student and I want to get a job next year.
			
My father looks tired because he works overtime everyday. My father is busy but he often sent text messages to me. My mother is kind, and she greets people first.
			
My mother wants people around her to be happy.
			

			

			

			
Chapter 3. Tense===============
			
Unit 1. 현재시제
			
The earth revolves around the sun.
			
Water boils at 100 dgrees Celsius.
			
I watch TV every night.
			
I go to work on foot.
			
She has a talent for music.
			
He is a student.
			
It&#39;s raining outside.
			
She is falling asleep now.
			
She is working hard this week.
			
My score is consistently improving this month.
			
My boss is meeting Peter for dinner.
			
His aunt is coming soon.
			

			
He made a mistake today.
			
He makes a mistake.
			

			
Warming up---------
			
1/ He gets up ealry every day.
			
2/ Time is gold.
			
3/ She is eating/having lunch.
			
4/ He has an eye for art.
			
5/ We are leaving Japan tomorrow.
			
6/ I love you.
			
7/ Elly is thinking about her future.
			
8/ That sounds good.
			

			
Sentence order training ---------
			
1/ She is driving now.
			
2/ The store opens at. 7 a.m.
			

			
Sentence writing---------
			
1/ He has a sence of humor.
			
2/ My bofriend is a social dininker.
			
3/ My sister is searching for a part-time job theses days.
			
4/ My mother is drivning now.
			
5/ She often skip lunch.
			
6/ We always watch movies at night.
			

			
We usually play basketball in class.
			
The store is always opoen 24 hours a day.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------------
			
1/ Do you usually study Engljish in the morning?
			
No. I always study English at night.
			
2/ What is your sister doing now?
			
She is talking with my mother.
			

			
Writing training----------
			
I always get up at 6 a.m./in the morning.
			
I go to school by bus.
			
I study English at language institute after shool.
			

			
Happy birthday.
			
I&#39;m in Shinchon, and I thinking about you .
			
We have good memories here.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 과거시제============
			
I went on a blind date last year.
			
She was a member of the club.
			
He used to call me on the phone.
			

			
I was reading a book then.
			
My teacher coudn&#39;t call becuase he was meeting a person form ABC company.
			
I was studying hard during last semester.
			
What was he doing during his last spring vaction?
			

			
Warming up----------------
			
1/ My brother got the certified last year.
			
2/ He broke up with his girlfriend two years ago.
			
3/ My sister was listening to music.
			
4/ I ordered food a minute ago.
			
5/ She worked in this department last month.
			
6/ He took care of his grand father.
			
7/ She was talking on the phone.
			
8/ He gave a presentaion yesterday.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ She began skating at the age of six.
			
2/ I was waiting for the bus yesterday.
			

			
Writing training-------------
			
1/ She got married last year.
			
2/ I won a game yesterday.
			
3/ My father always helped my mother.
			
4/ He finished the project this morning.
			
5/ I used to get up ealry.
			
6/ He was sleeping when I called him.
			

			
My father used to be healty.
			
When I got home, I was very hungry.
			

			
Conversation speaking-----------
			
1/ You look different. Did you change your style?
			
Yes, I had a hair cut.
			
2/ I called you many times. Why didn&#39;t you answer my calls?
			
Sorry. I was sightseeing
			

			
Wriring trining-----------
			
I am always get up at 6 in the morning. I go to school by bus.
			
I study English at a language institute after shool. Yesterday, I was absent from sic.
			
I was sick yesterday, so I was absent from my English class.
			

			
Happy belate brithday.
			
I wanted to give you a gift last week, but I had a meeing in Busan.
			
I am in Shinchon, and I am thinking about you. We have good memories here.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 미래시제============
			
I will stay there tonight. = I&#39;m going to stay there tonight.
			
There will be a midterm next Monday. = There is going to be a midterm next Monday.
			
I won&#39;t forget you.
			
Don&#39;t worry. I will look after him.
			

			
It&#39;s so cloudy. It&#39;s going to rain sooner or later.
			
Look at the traffic jam! We are going to be late.
			
My room is dirty, so I&#39;m going to clean it tonight.
			
The meeting is going to be at 10 a.m. today.
			

			
Warming up----------
			
1/ I&#39;ll send fax you.
			
2/ He is going to join the club tomorrow.
			
3/ I will miss you.
			
4/ My boss is going to have lunch.
			
5/ I will help poor people.
			
6/ We will donate money to the foundation.
			
7/ I&#39;m going to hang out with my friends tonight.
			
8/ They will put off marrige.
			

			
Sentence order training--------
			
1/ I will leave Korea tomorrow.
			
2/ She is going to do her homework tonight.
			

			
Sentence writing---------
			
1/ I will quit my job next month.
			
2/ She is going to have a baby next week.
			
3/ I will send you an emil tomorrow.
			
4/ I am going to see a doctor on Thursday.
			
5/ He planing to update his blog.
			
6/ I am going to work on a team project next month.
			

			
Be + planning to/ scheduled to/ supposed to/ about to + 동사원형
			
He is planning to travel abroad.
			
She is scheduled to have a meeing with my team next week.
			
My brother is about to drink coffee.
			

			
Conversaion speaking--------
			
1/ When will you graduate from school?
			
I will graduate next year.
			
2/ Are you busy next weekend?
			
Yes, I will visit my grandmother next weekend.
			

			
Writing training----------
			
I always get up at 6 in the morning. I go to shool by bus. I study English at a language institute after school. I was sick yesterday, so I absent form my class.
			
I&#39;m palnning to review my class today. I will update my pictures on Facebook tomorrow.
			

			
Happy belated birthday.
			
I wanted to give you a gift last week, but I had a meeting in Busan.
			
I&#39;m in Shinchon now, and I&#39;m thinking about you. We have good memories here.
			
This is a gift that I picked. I hope that you will like it. 
			

			

			
Unit 4. 현재완료_1
			
He has just sent you an email.
			
Have you already arrived there?
			
Have you ever studied English?
			
I&#39;ve smoked once.
			

			
She has used the cellphone before. &gt; Has she used the cellphone before?
			
She has used the cellphone before. &gt; She has not used cellphone before.
			

			
She hasn&#39;t got there yet.
			
She has just called you.
			
I&#39;ve seen the movie twice.
			

			
Warming up-------------
			
1/ I have already finished my homwork.
			
2/ Have you ever eaten Korean food?
			
3/ He has just called you.
			
4/ Has she ever taken the test?
			
5/ He has used cellphone before.
			
6/ I have not recived a letter from him yet.
			
7/ I have naver seen the actor.
			
8/ I have played the game twice.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ Have you already met him?
			
2/ He has never tried to get up ealry.
			

			
Sentence writing------------
			
1/ I&#39;ve just sent my resume.
			
2/ He has alreay eaten breakfast.
			
3/ He has met the movie actor before.
			
4/ Have you ever tried Kimchi?
			
5/ She has been to Busan.
			
6/ She has gone to Japan on business.
			

			
He has been to America.
			
He has gone to America.
			
I have gone to America.
			

			
Converastion speaking------------
			
1/ How many times have you ever been to America?
			
I&#39;ve never been to America.
			
2/ I am very hungry.
			
Mother hasn&#39;t made breakfast yet.
			

			
Writing training-------------
			
Jane: Have you ever had a blind date?
			
Elly: I have alredy had a blind date.
			
Jane: Really? What was he like?
			

			
I&#39;m happy to have an interview.
			
This is Hana Kim.
			
I&#39;ve worked with Sony before.
			

			

			
Unit 5. 현재완료_2
			
He has been sick since last year.
			
She has worked for the company for five years.
			

			
She has painted this house for a week.
			
She has been painting this house for a week.
			

			
My uncle has gone to America.
			
I&#39;ve left my book at home
			

			
Warming up-------------
			
1/ We have known each other since last year.
			
2/ He has broken his arm.
			
3/ She has read the book for three days.
			
4/ He has gone to England on business.
			
5/ Has your mother cleaned a room?
			
6/ I&#39;v lost the file.
			
7/ My boyfriend has been working in the office
			
8/ My aunt has lived alone.
			

			
Sentence order trining-------
			
1/ I&#39;ve colleted stamps since last year.
			
2/ I&#39;ve forgoten his phone number.
			

			
Sentence Wriring---------
			
1/ I&#39;ve learned/studied English for two years.
			
2/ He has been tired since last week.
			
3/ They have moved to Busan.
			
4/ I&#39;ve locked my key in the car 
			
5/ He has lived in Busan since he was young
			
6/ He lived in Busan when he was young
			

			
She has lived in Seoul since 2016
			
He went on a date with his girlfriend here three years ago.
			
They have read the book since they were young.
			

			
Converstion speaking------------
			
1/ How long have you worked in the marketing department?
			
I&#39;ve been working in this department for two years.
			
2/ Where is your laptop?
			
I&#39;ve sold it on the internet.
			

			
Writing trining----------
			
Jane: Have you ever had a blind date?
			
Elly: I&#39;ve already had a blind date.
			
Jane: Really? What was he like?
			
Elly: He is kind. We have been dating each other for eight months.
			

			
I&#39;m happy to have an inerview. This is Hana Kim.
			
I&#39;ve worked in SKY Company&#39;s sales department  for five years.
			
I&#39;ve worked with Sony before. I&#39;ve sucessfully completed many projects.
			

			

			
Unit 6. 과거완료, 미래완료==============
			
She had lived in Incheon for five years befor she died.
			
He had alreay left work when I called him.
			
Before I was 20 years old, I had never studied English.
			

			
I will have been married for 20 years by next year.
			
She will have finished her job before six o&#39;clock.
			
He will have lived here for 10 yerars by next month.
			

			
Warmig up-----------
			
1/ I will have read this book for two weeks by next week.
			
2/ Before when I was 10 years old, I had naver/not been to abroad.
			
3/ She will have lived abroad for three years by next year.
			
4/ When students entered the classroom, the lesson had already begun.
			
5/ They will have finished thier work by forur o&#39;clock.
			
6/ By the time she arrived, he had left there.
			
7/ James had lived here for nine yerars when I saw him.
			
8/ My parents will have been married for twenty years by next yerar.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ My sister will have worked there for 8 years by next year.
			
2/ I had lost my bag when I left the train.
			

			
Sentence writing------------
			
1/ The train had already departed when I arrived at the station.
			
2/ I will have studied English for three years by next year.
			
3/ I had never been to America before I moved to here 3 years ago 
			
4/ I will have dated my boyfriend for eight months by next month.
			
5/ My sister had been sick for three months When I came back to Koera.
			
6/ He will have been playing in the NBA for ten years by next season.
			

			
They will have been reviewing his working papers until he arrives.
			
I will have been lying on the couch for two hours by the time you visit me.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
1/ Did you have lunch with James?
			
When I arrived at the restaurant, he had already eaten lunch .
			
2/ How long have you been using your cellphone?
			
I will have used this cellphone for 8 months by next month.
			

			
Writing trining-----------
			
Jane: Have you ever had a blind date?
			
Elly: I have already had a blind date last year.
			
Jane: Really? What was he like?
			
Elly: He is kine. We have been dating each other for 8 months.
			
Jane: Where dose he live?
			
Elly: He will have lived in Suwon for 4 months by next month. He had lived near my house before moved to there
			

			
I&#39;m happy to have an interviw. This is Hana kim. I have been working in SKY company&#39;s sales department for 5 years. I have worked with Sony before. I have sucessfully completed many projects. Before I worked in sales department, I had worked in marketing field,. I think I have specialties in both the marketing and sales filds.
			

			

			
Chapter 4. Passive voice
			
Unit 1. 수동태_1
			
She wirite a story. &gt; A story is written by her. 
			
He sold a computer. &gt; A computer was sold by him.
			
They will build a new hospital next year. &gt; A new hospital will be built by them next year.
			

			
English is spoken in America.
			
Many people were killed in the war.
			
The window was broken.
			

			
Warming up----------------
			
1/ The car was designed by Daniel.
			
2/ A new model was introduced by Jack.
			
3/ This bread was baked by my mother.
			
4/ The car was repaired by my father.
			
5/ This house was built by my grandfather.
			
6/ This file was deleted.
			
7/ The thief was arrested by the police.
			
8/ Senior citizens should be respected.
			

			
Sentence order traning---------
			
1/ The picture was painted by Picasso.
			
2/ We will make the wedding cake.
			

			
Sentence writing--------
			
1/ The meeitng will be held next Monday.
			
2/ The house was built in 1990
			
3/ Magazines are sold at a the conveninence stores.
			
4/ I was scold by my teacher.
			
5/ He resembles his mother.
			
6/ He have a good/nice car.
			

			
Have, resemble, suit, lack, fit
			
I had a nice laptop.
			
These shoes fit me well.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ How took care of you during your childhood?
			
I was raised by my garndmother when I was young because my mother was busy for working.
			
2/ Did you attend the meeting yesterday?
			
The meeting was canceled yesterday.
			

			
Writing trainning---------
			
Time is so rough
			
My best friend was fired last week.
			

			
Have you been to JOY restaurant?
			
I heard that the restaurant was renovated.
			
How about meeting around 5 p.m. today?
			

			

			
Unit 2. 수동태_2=============
			
The playground was covered with snow.
			
I was pleased with your email.
			
She was annoyed at me.
			

			
Wrming up---------------
			
1/ My parents pleased with my promtion.
			
2/ I&#39;m scared of the bug.
			
3/ The teacher known for his sincerity.
			
4/ The libaray was fulled of/filled with books.
			
5/ She annoyed at/by his attitude.
			
6/ Are you tired of the story?
			
7/ Is he was interest in the position?
			
8/ We was satisfied with the result last year.
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ She is concerned about her score.
			
2/ I was annoyed at/by his rude manners.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ The restaurant is crowded with people on Friday.
			
2/ I am not satisfied with my English ability.
			
3/ My parents waren&#39;t satisfied with the result.
			
4/ The company was well known to young people.
			
5/ I&#39;am sick and tired of getting up early.
			
6/ She is interested in keeping a diary in English.
			

			
She is tired of studing English.
			
He is interested in meeting you.
			

			
Conversation speaking------
			
1/ How was your test yesterday?
			
The test was difficult. I&#39;m scared of failing the math exam.
			
2/ Did your boss like your presentaion?
			
My boss was very disappointed with/in my presentaion.
			
 
			
The Ttime is so rough. My best friend was fired last week.
			
I was so surprised at the news. I&#39;m worried about my future.
			

			
Have you been to JOY restaurant? The restaurant is known for pizza. I heard that the restaurant was renovated. I thkink the restaurant looks nice. How about meeing around 5 p.m today. It is crowded with many people during lunch hour.
			

			

			
Chapter 5. Gerund========
			
Unit 1. 동명사
			
Staying up all night is not a good idea.
			
Speaing English is not easy.
			
Walking in the forest is making us feel free.
			

			
I finished working on a project.
			
He is thinking of going to America.
			

			
My hobby is listening to music.
			
Her goal is becoming a singer.
			

			
Warming up-------------
			
1/ Taking a walk is one of my favorite thigs to do.
			
2/ I enjoy singing songs in front of my friends.
			
3/ Thank you for giving advicing me kindly.
			
4/ My favorit part of the job is studying with my students.  
			
5/ We put off dicussing the problem.
			
6/ My favorit hobby is searching surfing for the internet.
			
7/ Reading an English novel is very important.
			
8/ I am good at speaking English.
			

			
Sentence order training----------
			
1/ I avoided meeting him in personal.
			
2/ Taking the subway is faster in the morning.
			

			
Sentence writing-------------
			
1/ I give up persuading him.
			
2/ Her job is helping the poor people.
			
3/ I like watching movies alone.
			
4/ I&#39;m scared of speaking English in front of people.
			
5/ Reading many books is very important for kids.
			
6/ Helping people makes me feel happy.
			

			
Smoking is not allowed here.
			
Experiencing many things is necessary for teenagers.
			
Listening to music when you are in bed keeps you from getting deep sleep.
			
Do nothing is being idle.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
1/ Would you mind closing the door?
			
No, of course not.
			
2/ What did you do last weekend?
			
I met my friends. I like Hanging out with friends.
			

			
Writing training---------------
			
This is Ella living in from S.Korea.
			
I&#39;m considering to going to the Bali for summer vacation, so I&#39;m interestied in your hotel pakage.
			

			
I did a part-time job in labrary last vacation.
			
My job work was arranging books by genre.
			

			
Unit 2. 동명사_2
			
She began crying/to cry.
			
He wants to countine working/to work for this company.
			
I prefet buying/to buy things at the shop.
			

			
I remember studing with you.
			
I remember to study with you.
			
I regret telling him my secret.
			
I forgot tellng a lie to you.
			

			
Wrming up----------
			
1/ I want to countinue to study/studying English after getting a job.
			
2/ My father hates getting up/to get up early.
			
3/ She prefers to study/studying with her friends.
			
4/ I like having/to have bagles and coffee every morning.
			
5/ He forgot to post the picture on Facebook.
			
6/ I remember to see a doctor today.
			
7/ She regrets changing her job.
			
8/ Peter remembers working with me.
			

			
Sentence order trining----------
			
1/ I hate swimming in the sea.
			
2/ Don&#39;t forget to call me.
			

			
Sentence writing-------------
			
1/ I don&#39;t like talking/to talk to him.
			
2/ I&#39;m sorry. I forgot to send you the file yesterday.
			
3/ I started working out/to work out from yesterday.
			
4/ I regret to say that he passed away.
			
5/ I regret writing him a letter.
			
6/ I regret not writing him a letter.
			

			
I&#39;m ashamed of not doing my best.
			
My mother scold me for not getting up ealry.
			
My mother don&#39;t scold me for not getting up ealry.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ You should do your homework.
			
I remember to do my homework. Don&#39;t worry.
			
2/ I called you yesterday. Why was your line busy?
			
I started helping my mother in her store, so I&#39;m busy these days.
			

			
Writing training---------
			
This is Ella from S.Korea. I&#39;m considering going to Bali for summer vacation, so I&#39;m interested in your hotle pakage. Since my children like swmming, I prefer staying at a hotel with a big swimming pool. Do you have a big swimming pool?
			

			
I did a part-time job in the library last vacation. My task was arranging books by genre.
			
Since I like organizing things, I was happy. However, I regetted deciding to work in the library two weeks later because the books were so heavy that they made me easily exhausted.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 동명사_3
			
The song is worth listening to.
			
Please forgive me for telling a lie.
			
It is no use classifying those files.
			

			
Warming up-----------
			
1/ My mother has troble using smartphone.
			
2/ My boyfriend is busy working.
			
3/ I feel like traveling.
			
4/ She is accustumed to taking the morning class.
			
5/ Korea is worth visiting.
			
6/ Are you in the habit of driking coffe in the morning?
			
7/ I cannot help hating my friend.
			
8/ We look forward to meeing you.
			

			
Sentence order trining-------
			
1/ I succeeded in downloding the file.
			
2/ He is busy doing his math homework.
			

			
Sentence writing---------
			
1/ I&#39;m in the habit of/have a habit of studying at night.
			
2 Every Knowledge is worth having.
			
3/ It is no use trying to chtch him.
			
4/ Heavy rain is prevented us from going on a picnic.
			
5/ My boss is looking forward to meeting Harry.
			
6/ My boss is looking forward you to you/your meeting Harry.
			

			
My mother proud of speaking English fluently.
			
My mother porod of my brother speakig English fluently.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ Do you smoke after lunch?
			
I have a habit in/am in the habit of smoking after lunch.
			
2/ Did you apply for the position again?
			
Yes, I think that the company is worth working for. 
			

			
Writing training------------
			
This is Ella from S.Korea. I considering going to Bile for summer vaction, so I&#39;m interested in your hotel pakage. Since my children like swimming, I prefer staying at the hotel with a big swimming pool. Do you have a big swimming pool? Also, I had trouble useing the internet when I went overseas last year, so I would like to know if I can use the internet easliy at your hotel. I look forward your reply.
			

			
I did a part-time job in the library last vacation. My work was arrainging books by genre. Sine I like organizing things, I was happy. However, I regretted deciding to work in the libarary two weeks later because the books were so heavy that they made me easliy exhausted. I was tired, but I learned many things. Now, I treasue??? my books and am in the habit of organizing them.
			

			

			
Chapeter 6. 부정사
			
To go to a multiflex is fun. = It is fun to go to a multiflex.
			
My pleasure is to go to on a trip.
			
I want to buy a new laptop.
			
I don&#39;t know what to do.
			
They asked me how to handle stress.
			
Tell me when to call you.
			
I can&#39;t decide who to marry, Jane or Esther.
			
My mother wants to go where to go.
			

			
Warnming up---------------
			
1/ I didn&#39;t know how to express my gratitude.
			
2/ She didin&#39;t expect to raise pets.
			
3/ He wants to know when to start.
			
4/ My plan is to become a fluent Englsih speaker in this year.
			
5/ I know who to ask for advice.
			
6/ It is difficult to slove this problem.
			
7/ I didn&#39;t know when and where to get a regular medical check-up.
			
8/ She pretends to be smart.
			

			
Sentence order training-----------
			
1/ She hopes to see you.
			
2/ I don&#39;t know how to pursuade her.
			

			
Sentence writing-------------
			
1/ My favorit hobby is cooking to cook for my family.
			
2/ I didn&#39;t expect to succeede so well. 
			
3/ It is not easy to make money.
			
4/ The traffic light tells us know when to cross the road.
			
5/ I decided to break up with him.
			
6/ I made up my mind not to break up with him.
			

			
He pretended not to see her.
			
I tried not to be late.
			
We decided not to on a trip.
			

			
Conversation speaking-------------
			
1/ Why do you study hard these days?
			
I promised to study hard with my mother.
			
2/ What&#39;s your goal?
			
My goal is to lose five kilograms this year.
			

			
Writing training---------
			
I ordered a shirt on your site, and I receved it yesterday.
			
However, I want to exchange my order.
			

			
How have you been?
			
There is a cold is going around these days.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 부정사_2
			
I have good news to share.
			
He has many books to read this week.
			
There is nothing to eat.
			
I have a house to live in.
			
There is a chire to sit on.
			
Do you have true friend to turn to?
			

			
She ware glasses to look intelligence.
			
My borther work to find himself in a strange place.
			
I was very happy to taste this food.
			

			
Warming up--------
			
1/ I saved money to take a trip to Europe.
			
2/ It is your turn to buy coffee.
			
3/ I don&#39;t eat dinner to lose weight.
			
4/ I have many plans to achieve.
			
5/ Many students study hard to pass the exam.
			
6/ We need a teacher to help us.
			
7/ I studied hard not to fail the test. 
			
8/ He has a report to hand in.
			

			
Sentence order trining--------
			
1/ He opened the door to get some fresh air.
			
2/ I am here to give a presentation.
			

			
Sentence Writing-----------
			
1/ I have no energy to work out.
			
2/ I&#39;m honered to have an interview.
			
3/ I left home ealry not to be late for my oppointment.
			
4/ I was shocked to see my score.
			
5/ I have many friends to talk to about my future.
			
6/ He is looking for an apartment to live in with his parents.
			

			
I have a teacher to depend on in America.
			
She has a pen to write with in her car.
			
Do you have any friend to play with in Japan?
			

			
Conversaton speaking----------
			
1/ Do you have something to tell me?
			
I have nothing speacial to tell you.
			
2/ Will you attend his wedding?
			
I reget to say/I am sorry to say (that) I can&#39;t attend his wedding.
			

			
Writing Training-------------
			
I orderd a shirt to give my sister on your site, and I recived it yesterday.
			
At first I&#39;m happy to see the shirt because the color was pretty/beutiful. However, I want to exchange my order.
			

			
How have you been?
			
I am writting this email to send my regards to you and your family. 
			
I heard you are very busy because you have a lot of work to do.
			
There is a cold going around these days.
			
Be careful not to catch a cold.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 부정사_3
			
She is too busy to attend the meeing.
			
= She is too busy that she can&#39;t attend the meeting.
			
I was too tired to study English yesterday.
			
= I was too tired that I couldn&#39;t study English yeterday.
			
Jane is too young to see that movie.
			
= Jane is too young that she can&#39;t see the movie.
			

			
He is kind enough to help me.
			
She is smart enough to change jobs.
			
I was not mature enough to understand him.
			

			
Strange to say
			
to be frank with you
			
Te begin with
			
To make a long story short
			
To tell the truth
			

			
Warmin up--------------
			
1/ He was too sleep to open his eyes.
			
2/ To tell the truth, I didn&#39;t do my best.
			
3/ She is so busy that she can&#39;t answer the phone.
			
4/ To begin with, I don&#39;t like the class.
			
5/ I am old enough to drive a car.
			
6/ To be frank with you, I cound&#39;nt give a presentation in English.
			
7/ My sister so thin that she can&#39;t wear the skirt.
			
8/ To make a long story short, the story is not true.
			

			
Sentence order traning-------------
			
1/ He was too sick to go to work.
			
2/ She was studied hard enough to get an A.
			

			
Sentence writing---------
			
1/ My mother is too weak to lift this bag.
			
2/ I was foolish enough to think so.
			
3/ To tell the truth, I&#39;ve naver heard of it.
			
4/ Tom is not smart enough to slove the problem.
			
5/ The bag is too expensive for him to buy.
			
6/ The class is too difficult for my girlfriend to take.
			

			
It&#39;s important for him to speak English fluently.
			
Her story is difficult for me to understand.
			

			
Conversation speaking--------
			
1/ Did you buy the skirt?
			
No, I don&#39;t. The skirt was so short that I coudn&#39;t wear it.
			
2/ Did your sister get married?
			
My sister is not old enough to get married.
			

			
Writing training----------
			
I ordered a shirt to give my sister on your site, and I recived it yesterday. At first I was happy to see the shirt because the color was pretty. However, I want to exchange my order. The shirt is too small that my sister can&#39;t wear it. I want to exchange it for a bigger one.
			

			
How have you been? I am writing this email to send my regards to you and your family. I heard you are very busy because you have a lot of work to do. The project was too hard for our team members to finish easily last year. However, you wil be able to do it because you are experienced enough to finish the project. There is a cold going arond these days. Be carefull not chatch a cold.
			

			

			

			
Chapter 7. 관계대명사 
			
Unit 1. 관계대명사_1
			
I met the woman who helped me last month.
			
He is my teacher who I respect.
			
She is washing her cat whose name is Nana.
			

			
Warming up----------
			
1/ She met a guy who was very handsome.
			
2/ We know a girl whose father is a singer.
			
3/ Have you ever met the man who she likes.
			
4/ This is the building which they built.
			
5/ She likes the boy whose name is Jeff.
			
6/ I had a lunch with Tom who my friends doesn&#39;t like.
			
7/ He will buy the rose in the flower shop which his friend runs.
			

			
Sentence order training---------
			
1/ This is a brand-new cellphone which I bought yesterday.
			
2/ Let&#39;s ask the teacher who is teaching English in the classroom.
			
3/ She has many friends who help her.
			
4/ He is the man whose opinion I respect.
			
5/ Apartment buildings which overlook the river are more expensive.
			
6/ The man who my friend loved is a famous singer now.
			
7/ The dishwasher which we bought last week works well.
			
8/ He doesn&#39;t know him who lives next door.
			

			
Conversation Speaking-----------
			
1/ Do you Know the man who is standing over there?
			
He is my older brother.
			
2/ What kind of book will you buy?
			
I will buy books which makes me laugh.
			

			
Writing training------------
			
I broke with up my ex-boyfriend two years ago. I want to have a boyfriend.
			
I want a man who is funny and playful.
			

			
I have many friends who speak English fluently.
			
I study English with them three times a week.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 관계대명사_2==============
			
Warming up--------
			
1/ She likes rooms whose walls are green.
			
2/ My father bought me a bicycle which is very strong.
			
3/ I like the restaurant which my teacher recommended.
			
4/ I talked to a woman who lived in Busan two years ago.
			
5/ He is the man whose car was stolen.
			
6/ You should take the report which is on the desk.
			
7/ He is an English teacher who(m) I really like.
			
8/ I chose the watch which I had seen the day before.
			

			
Sentence order training-----------
			
1/ I know a teacher who is from America.
			
2/ That is the window which Jack broke yesterday.
			
3/ The food which my mother makes is delicious.
			
4/ The man who talked to you is my boss.
			
5/ She bought me flowers which smelled good.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ English is a subject which I like.
			
2/ I have many friends who are work for ABC company.
			
3/ My sister wants to date with a man who(m) my parents like.
			
4/ He studies with his friend whose father is a math teacher.
			
5/ He is the man who that I respect.
			
6/ This is a same book which that my teacher bought.
			

			
That
			
I bought a dog that has a curly hair.
			
I have met a person that likes cold weather.
			

			
The only, the very, the same, all, no, every, any, 최상급
			
I spend money that I have.
			
This is the only book that I bought.
			

			
Conversation speaking---------
			
1/ What did you have for dinner yesterday?
			
I had BBQ which my mother made.
			
2/ Is Scott your class president?
			
Yes. He is smart guy who has never failed to solve the math problems.
			

			
Writing training--------
			
I broke up with my ex-boyfriend two years ago. I want to have a boyfriend. I want to man who is funny an playful.
			
I want to get a date with a boyfriend who I can share my hobbies. I like a man who does his best for in everything. So I want to learn a lot of things from him.
			

			
I have many friend who speak English fluently. I study English with them three times a week. I am looking for a job. The companies are looking for people who speak English fluently, so I want to be a person who can work in English.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 관계대명사========
			
What I said was not trivial.
			
= The things that I said was not trivial.
			
What I want is to get an A on the exam.
			
= Things that I want is to get A on the exam.
			
I can&#39;t believe what you told me.
			
= I can&#39;t believe the things that you told me.
			
He is ashamed of what I did.
			
= He is ashamed of the things that I did.
			
This is what I want to buy.
			
= This is the thing that I want to buy.
			

			
Warming up---------
			
1/ You can do what you like.
			
2/ This is what I think.
			
3/ What I experienced change my life.
			
4/ I know what you did last summer.
			
5/ Please show me what you made last night.
			
6/ What we need is love.
			
7/ That is what made me cry.
			
8/ What I bought yesterday is very expensive.
			

			
Sentence order training-----------
			
1/ What Jeff said is wrong.
			
2/ I can&#39;t understand what teacher said.
			

			
Sentence writing----------
			
1/ I regret what I did last week.
			
2/ He wants to do what he likes.
			
3/ I know what your father wants from me.
			
4/ What I expected is your help.
			
5/ He doesn&#39;t help me, and what&#39;s more, he doesn&#39;t care about what I want.
			
6/ He is what is called a singer.
			

			
It&#39;s raining, and what&#39;s more, the wind is blowing.
			
This is what&#39;s called a house.
			
He didn&#39;t apologize, and what&#39;s worse, he got angry.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ Please give me the book in your right hand.
			
What is in my right hand is my diary. I can&#39;t give it you this.
			
2/ You seems to have many worries on your mind.
			
I don&#39;t know what I good at, so I&#39;m worried about my future.
			

			
Writing training-----------
			
I broke up with my ex-boyfriend two years ago. I want to have a boyfriend. I want a man who is funny and playful. I want to date a boyfriend who can share my hobbies with me. I like a man who does his best in everything. So I want to learn a lot of things from him. Looks are not important. What I want is good personality and attitude. I want nothing else.
			

			
I have many friends who speak English fluently. I study English with them three times a week. What I want is to have a conversation with foreigners. I looking for a job. Companies are looking for people who speak English fluently, so I want to be a person who can work in English. I want to go on a business trip overseas.
			

			

			
Chapter 8. 비교급================
			
UnIt 1. 원급=동등비교
			
Jeff is as old as Alex.
			
Jane is as clever as me.
			
My father is as busy as a bee.
			

			
Today is not as cold as yesterday.
			
My father can&#39;t run as fast as my mother.
			
Her first job was not as successful as second one.
			

			
He finished his homework as soon as possible.
			
= He finished his homwork as soon as he could.
			
My sister ran as fast as possible.
			
= My sister ran as fast as she could.
			
She talk to him as much as possible.
			
= She talk to him as mush as she could.
			

			
As poor as a church mouse
			
As graceful as a swan
			
As weak as a kitten
			
As sly as a fox
			
As hard as iron
			
He was as poor as a church mouse.
			
The baby as weak as a kitten.
			

			
Warming up-----------
			
1/ My brother is as greedy as me.
			
2/ My teacher is as kind as my mother.
			
3/ My boyfriend is not as timid as me.
			
4/ This problem is not as difficult as you think.
			
5/ I want to go there as quickly as possible.
			
6/ I eat as often as possible.
			
7/ Strech your arms as high as possible.
			
8/ This cellphone is as small as I expected.
			

			
Sentence order tranining-----------
			
1/ He is as attractive as a movie star.
			
2/ You should study as hard as possible.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ He loves me as much as my mother.
			
2/ I am not as sensitive as I look.
			
3/ He tried to shout as loud as possible.
			
4/ She wanted to see her daughter as fast as possible.
			
5/ Alex&#39;s dad is twice as tall as Alex.
			
= Alex&#39;s father is twice taller than Alex.
			
6/ His house is three times as large as mine.
			
= His house is three times larger than mine.
			

			
His bag is three times as expensive as hers.
			
= His bag is three times more expensive than hers.
			
This book is three times as heavy as that book.
			
= This book is three times more heavier than that book.
			

			
Conversation speaking------------
			
1/ Dose James pratice the piano hard?
			
He dosen&#39;t practice as hard as his partner.
			
2/ Was the bag expensive?
			
No, it was not as expensive as you said.
			

			
Writing training----------
			
I signed up for an English class which my friend recommended to me.
			
There were many students in the classroom, and they are not as old as me.
			

			
I bought a cellphone yesterday.
			
It was as light and slim as the previous one, so I like it.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 비교급=========
			
Jane is prettier than Amy.
			
Shjin is thiner than my sister.
			
My girlfriend is younger than me.
			

			
She was more beautiful than I expected.
			
Smokie is more famous in Korea than in U.S.
			

			
The more you deny the fact, the more stupid you look.
			
The more you copy, the less you will learn.
			
You look better than your picture.
			

			
Warming up-----------
			
1/ Jack is more generous than Jeff.
			
2/ The calss was easier than I thought.
			
3/ The ealier I get up, the more tired I am.
			
4/ This bag is more expensive than I expected.
			
5/ She is more passionate than me.
			
6/ The harder I study, the more confused I am.
			
7/ The more he thought about it, the more depressed he became.
			
8/ He is older than my boss.
			

			
Sentence order training----------
			
1/ The more we have, the more we want.
			
2/ My mother drives more carefully than my father.
			

			
Sentence wirting-----------
			
1/ He is 3 years younger than me.
			
2/ The more you eat, the fatter you get.
			
3/ My computer is faster than yours.
			
4/ The more I meet him, the more I like him.
			
5/ The project is much more difficult than my boss said.
			
6/ She is much younger than our manager.
			

			
Even, much, far, a lot, still
			
The world of the internet is much wider than the real world.
			
Math is even easier than English.
			
This brand is far more popular than that one.
			

			
Conversation speaking-------------
			
1/ Is your sister as tall as you?
			
My sister much taller than me.
			
2/ How did you lose weight?
			
I work out every day. The harder I work out, the slimmer I get. 
			

			
Writing trining--------
			
I signed up for an English class which/that my friend recommended to me. There were mamy students in the classroom, and they were not as old as me. 
			
Fotunately, the class wasn&#39;t hader than my friend mentioned. I felt happy after the class. The more I study, the more I learn.
			

			
I bought a cellphone yesterday. The cellphone was more expensive than I expected, but I decided to buy it. It was as light and slim as the previous one, so I like it. However, I found out that there is sometihng wrong with the cepllphone. The internet was slower than before.
			

			

			
Unit 3. 최상급
			
Eather is the tallest girl of all the girl.
			
China is the largest country in Asia.
			
He is one of the most diligent boys in his class.
			
Busan is one of the most difficult cities to drive in.
			

			
This is the most interesting movie that I&#39;ve ever seen.
			
She is the most beautifull woman that I&#39;ve ever dated.
			

			
Warming up------------------
			
1/ He was the happiest at that time.
			
2/ Seoul is one of the most well-known capitals in the world.
			
3/ This is most expensive watch that I&#39;ve ever bought.
			
4/ One of the most important things is to do what I want.
			
5/ This is the most moving novel that He has ever read.
			
6/ She is the most popular singer in Korea.
			
7/ It isn&#39;t the most valuable thing.
			
8/ This is the tallest building in the city.
			

			
Centence order training-----------
			
1/ This is the most expensive book in the bookstore.
			
2/ The health is the most important thing.
			

			
Sentence writing----------
			
1/ It is one of the cheappest dresses in this shop.
			
2/ I&#39;m the fattest student in my class.
			
3/ It was the most difficult test that I&#39;ve ever taken.
			
4/ Practice is most important thing in learning English.
			
5/ She is the last person to tell a lie.
			
6/ The classroom has at least 20 seats.
			

			
The last parson/thing to/ at last, at (the) best, at (the) worst, at least, at (the) most
			
She is the last person to do such a thing.
			
At least we won the game.
			
At best, you will get a small raise.
			
At worst, I have to quit my job.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ Why do you study alone?
			
I&#39;m the most comportable when I am alone.
			
2/ You look really nice with the skirt.
			
Thank you. This is the longgest skirt that I&#39;ve ever tried on.
			

			
Writing training------------
			
I singed up for an English class that my friend recommended to me. There were many students in the clas room, and they were not as old as me. I thought I was the oldest student in our class, so I was little nervous. Fortunately, the class was not harder than my friend mentioned. I felt happy after the class. The more I study, the more I learn. Today is the happiest day of my life.
			

			
I bought a cellphone yesterday. The cellphone was more expensive than I expected. It was the most expensive cellphone that I had ever bought, but I decided to buy it. It was as light and slim as a previous one. However, I found out that there is something wrong with the cellphone today. The internet is slower than before. One of the most serious problem is that I can&#39;t check my email. I want to change my cellphone. 
			

			

			

			
Chapter 9. 분사
			
Unit 1. 분사_1
			
The barking dog is mine.
			
Look at the crying boy.
			
The closed window is dirty.
			
The fixed computer broke down again.
			

			
The issue remained unsettled.
			
I saw her entering the builidng.
			
She left her letter unopened.
			

			
Warming up-----------
			
1/ The smiling man is my boyfriend.
			
2/ There are many people studying the library.
			
3/ The man wearing a yellow shirt in the office is my boss.
			
4/ My mother saw my sister playing the piano in her room.
			
5/ I saw the fallen leaves on the street.
			
6/ He sat reading a book.
			
7/ she walks on the street singing a song.
			
8/ The woman dancing on the stage is my sister.
			

			
Sentence order training-----------
			
1/ The man surrounded by women is popular.
			
2/ We found the stolen money in the classroom.
			

			
Sentence writing--------------
			
1/ I don&#39;t like the man interestied in car.
			
2/ A man pushing a cart filled with goods.
			
3/ That woman talking with a foreginer is my friend.
			
4/ He came back home wouned by a gun.
			
5/ With the exam approching, he begin to study hard.
			
6/ He talked with me with his arms folded.
			

			
He sat on the chair with his eyes closed.
			
We worked overtime with the deadline getting nearer.
			

			
Conversation speakng----------
			
1/ Where is your bofriend?
			
My boyfriend waiting for me in front of our company.
			

			
2/ When did they go home?
			
With the night coming on, they went home.
			

			
Writing training-------------
			
Our teathers don&#39;t thkink that I am good at English because there are many students speking English fluently in my class.
			

			
If you go to the Namsan with foreginers, they will like the place.
			
There are many people taking a walk in Namsan. With autumn approching, you can appreciate the flowers.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 분사_2---------------------
			
The game was exciting.
			
People were excited at the game
			

			
Warming up------------
			
1/ The news was shocking.
			
2/ I was shocked by the news.
			
3/ Is this song moveing?
			
4/ I was moved by this song.
			
5/ The class is interesting.
			
6/ I am interested in the class.
			
7/ The result of the test was disapoining.
			
8/ I was disapointed at the result of the test.
			

			
Sentence order training.
			
1/ The movie was boring.
			
2/ I was surprised at the news.
			

			
Sentence writing-----------
			
1/ I failled the test last year, so I was frustrated.
			
2/ The road signs are very confusing.
			
3/ I feel relaxed in this cafe.
			
4/ My job is tiring but rewarding.
			
5/ Frankly speaking, I was embarrassed yesterday.
			
6/ Considering his age, he is annoied easily .
			

			
Generally speaking/ frankly speaking/ strictrly speaking/ judging from/ considering
			
Judging form his appearance, he looks poor.
			

			
Conversation speaking----------
			
1/ Did you watch the program?
			
Yes. the program was long and boring.
			

			
2/ Did you finish your presentation? How was it?
			
The presentation was so amazing.
			
My teacher liked my presentation.
			

			
Writing training-----------
			
I get stressed out these days. Our teachers don&#39;t think that I&#39;m good at English becasse there are many student speaking English fluently in my class. Frankly speking, the class is boring. Should I change my class?
			

			
If you go to Namsan with foreginers, they will like th place.
			
They will be surprised at the number of people because there are many people taking a walk in Namsan. With autumn approching, you can appriciate the flowers. The night view of Seoul is so amazing. You will make good memories with your friends.
			

			

			
Chapter 10. 가정법
			
Unit 1. 가정법_1
			
If it weren&#39;t snowing, my sister would leave for woke.
			
If she came, I could take a walk with her.
			
If I were you, I wouldn&#39;t go there.
			

			
If you had studied hader, you would have pass the test.
			
If he had been here, he could have seen the movie star.
			

			
Warming up-------------
			
1/ If I knew his phone number, I could call him.
			
2/ If I were there, I would meet you.
			
3/ If she didn&#39;t live so far away, I would visit her. 
			
4/ If I got a job, I could buy my mother a ring. 
			
5/ If I had taken your advice, I would have been happier.
			
6/ If he had came to the party, he would have met my girfriend.
			
7/ If I had bought the house, I would have been rich.
			
8/ If you had told me the truth, I would have believed it.
			

			
Sentence order trainin------------
			
1/ If I were you, I would study English hard.
			
2/ If she had lots of money, she would buy a house.
			

			
Sentence writing--------------
			
1/ If I could, I would live alone.
			
2/ If I were you, I would apply for the company.
			
3/ If my teacher hadn&#39;t helped me, I would have failed the interview.
			
4/ If my sister hadn&#39;t supported me, I couldn&#39;t have studied overseas.
			
5/ If I had lived overseas, I would speak English fluently now.
			
6/ If my bofriend had changed jobs, he could get a high salary.
			

			
If she had moved to Seoul, she could get a job now.
			
If I had studied hard, I wouldn&#39;t be nervous now.
			

			
Conversation speaking--------------
			
1/ I heard that Peter broke up with his girfriend.
			
Really? If I were Peter, I wounldn&#39;t break up with his girfriend. She is beautiful.
			
2/ How about having dinner together?
			
Sorry. If I had finished my work early, I would have dinner together now.
			

			
Writing training-------------
			
I checked your message.
			
If I had time, I would help you. I should work overtime.
			

			
I heard that you had a farewell party last week.
			
If I had known the news, I would have attended the party. I was on vacation last week.
			

			

			
Unit 2. 가정법_2
			
I wish I were thin.
			
I wish I could buy a car.
			

			
I wish I had studied hard.
			
I wish my sister had known at that time.
			

			
I hope that I will come.
			
I wish he would come.
			

			
Warming up------------
			
1/ I wish this bag weren&#39;t expensive.
			
2/ I wish he didn&#39;t agree with her.
			
3/ I wish I could play the piano.
			
4/ I wish I were as smart as my sister.
			
5/ I wish you had not done such a thing.
			
6/ I wish my sister had broken up with Peter at that time.
			
7/ I wish my boyfriend had known how to solve the problem.
			
8/ I wish I had studied hard in my youth. 
			

			
Sentence order training------------
			
1/ I wish I were taller than my brother.
			
2/ I wish I had met you yesterday.
			

			
Sentence writing------------
			
1/ I wish I did an internship program overseas.
			
2/ I wish you had trusted me.
			
3/ I wish I had known these things in my school days.
			
4/ It&#39;s crowded here. I wish there weren&#39;t many people in the restraurant.
			
5/ I wish I moved to Seoul.
			
= I&#39;m sorry (that) I can&#39;t move to Seoul.
			
6/ I wish I hadn&#39;t done such a rude thing.
			
= i&#39;m sorry (that) I did such a rude thing.
			
 
			
I wish she were rich = I&#39;m sorry (that) she isn&#39;t rich.
			
I wish I hadn&#39;t made a mistake. = I&#39;m sorry (that) I made a mistake.
			

			
Conversation speaking-----------
			
1/ What day is it today?
			
Today is Tuesday. I wish It were Friday.
			
2/ Wherer were you absent from your class?
			
I had an upset stomach yesterday. I wish I hadn&#39;t eaten a lot.
			

			
Writing training--------------
			
I&#39;m sorry for the late reply. I checked your message late.
			
If I had time, I would help you. I should work overtime.
			
I wish I had finished my work yesterday. I was out all day long.
			
I&#39;m sorry that I can&#39;t help you.
			

			
I heard that you had a farewell party last week. I was suprised at the news.
			
If I had known the news, I would have attended the party. I was on vacation last week.
			
I wish I knew your phone number. Coluld you please tell me your phone number?
			
I want to talk to you.
			

			

			
Dictation drlls==========
			
Chapter 1.
			

			
Conversation 1.
			
1/ Where is your mother?
			
My mother is in the kitchen.
			
2/ What is your bofriend&#39;s job.
			
My boy friend is an accountant.
			

			
Conversation 2.
			
1/ How dose your boyfriend go to work?
			
My boy friend gose to work by bus.
			
2/ When does your boss get off work?
			
My boss works overtime every day.
			

			
Conversation 3. 
			
1/ Is your cellphone broken?
			
I shoud buy a new cellhpone.
			
2/ Why do you look tired today?
			
I&#39;m tired. I had attend a drinking party.
			

			
Diary
			
It is Monday. I&#39;m tired every Monday.
			
So I get up last and run in the morning.
			
I have a meeting tomorrow, so I must get up ealry. I&#39;m worried.
			

			
Text message.
			
Good morning. Are you at school? I&#39;m going there.
			
I&#39;m in the library. We shoud take a test. Come quickly.
			
Oh my god!